Dates
Reception: Saturday, October 10 at 5:00 PM
Grown Up Sleepaway Camp: October 9 - 12, 2026 (Indigenous People’s Day Weekend)


Location
Bethany Birches Camp
2610 Lynds Hill Road, Plymouth, VT 05056


There is no cell service at the camp. Please print the driving directions and map so you don’t get lost returning to Route 100. There is wifi once on the camp grounds.


Reception
Saturday, October 10 at 5:00 PM
Book lodging in Killington or Plymouth, VT ASAP. October is peak foliage on the Route 100 Scenic Byway and some hotels are already sold out.


Grown Up Sleepaway Camp
Friday, at 3:00 PM - Monday at 11:00 AM
Heated cabin at an off-season summer camp
Sleeps up to 32, twin beds in shared rooms and lofts (includes clean blanket and pillow case, pillow)
2 indoor bathrooms, bathhouse on grounds, kitchen, and basement rec room.
BYO bedding and towels
$150 for the weekend, meals included. 
Activities Available
Board games
Indoor rock climbing (one day only)
Pond (if weather permits) - boats, kayaks,  water slide, and water trampoline when available
Hiking trails
Frisbee golf
Tetherball
Balls and nets, basketball court
Campfires 
Drinking (beer & wine, liquor only allowed at reception with licensed bartender)


Drive
About 3 hours from greater Boston area


Airports
About 45 minutes from Rutland Southern Vermont Regional Airport
About 2 hours from Burlington International Airport (NH)
About 2.5 hours from Bradley International Airport (CT)


________________


Location
From South


From Rte 100 after Plymouth:
Turn right on Rte 100A (Salt Ash Inn is on the corner).
Go 0.9 mile and turn right on Lynds Hill Rd.
Go 2.6 miles on the twisting, country road (You may think that you’re lost, but you aren’t!)
Bethany Birches Camp is on your right and is clearly marked. The cabin is on your right as you enter the parking lot.


From East
From Rte 4 in Bridgewater: 
Turn left on Rte 100A (there is a general store is on the corner).
Follow that for 6 or 7 miles.
Make a left on Lynds Hill Rd. (there will be a sign in the fair weather months)
Go 2.6 miles on the twisting, country road (You may think that you’re lost, but you aren’t!)
Bethany Birches Camp is on your right and is clearly marked. The cabin is on your right as you enter the parking lot.


From West
From Rte 4 in Killington, you’ll see two general stores after a long straight-away:
Turn right on Rte 100A.
Follow that for 6 or 7 miles.
Make a left onto 100a
Go 0.9 Miles and turn right onto Lynds Hill Rd. (there will be a sign in the fair weather months)
Go 2.6 miles on the twisting, country road (You may think that you’re lost, but you aren’t!)
Bethany Birches Camp is on your right and is clearly marked. The cabin is on your right as you enter the parking lot.


From North
From 89 South:
Take exit 1 for Woodstock/RT 4. 
Turn West off the exit onto RT. 4. 
Take it West through Woodstock and into Bridgewater. In Bridgwater Corners you’ll see a general store. Make a left there onto 100a.
Follow that for 6 or 7 miles.
Make a left on Lynds Hill Rd. (there will be a sign in the fair weather months)Go 2.6 miles on the twisting, country road (You may think that you’re lost, but you aren’t!)
Bethany Birches Camp is on your right and is clearly marked. The cabin is on your right as you enter the parking lot.